hi swami azik & the black fly
vlog about airplanes and helicopters
parachute paragliders in one word about
all that flies in the sky flew
when i stumbled upon this video i'm honest
saying was shocked
This toy is really a toy.
Of course , the airport is not at all
present
but if you know how much was invested in
his strength and money how much time was
spent that in this all build a
because in this earned a toy
after that what happened to be called
language does not turn imagine
just what I build a
it took two years to design this miracle
almost another five years after that
built
see everything as actually my
report
plane runway
the role of hp without St. Petersburg tower
tanker cars and
accompanying the shadows of the trail and even people you
have seen
planes take off and sit down is
this airport in germany in hamburg and
this is the biggest toy airport in
the world and then after the plane
hiding behind a screen he conducts it along
circle and start landing by the way here 40
airplane model with everything in livery
real rowe kampale
the place and the Russian aeroflot Transaero
count on wait volga days 363 a day
not every real report
can afford
and how do you like these little men there almost
5000 imagine to melt and
Seat these people hopping time necessary
It was well, and that you put on quite
don't call this toy
commitment spent on this toy
three and a half million euros
no more toy up
I want to discuss the second part of the issue
the theme of delusions and myths about flights
by the way sometimes doge and often flying
passengers like experienced you are so well
for example often hears that one
the plane is comfortable another usually like that
so in the gang fly much more convenient than in
arbat boeing more legroom i'm not
so noisy
true verbose soft landing about wanga in
less shaking from
In short, a whole set of nonsense do not believe
in fact all this is not so state
between the seats does not depend on the model
it depends on the airline cabin any
the aircraft is always packaged to order and to
blood company will decide so line
placed the chair most often if you fly
close then on such flights place for
legs will be copper on long-haul flights instead
will be more even scrambled out
and no matter what specifically they will dump
hits in 3 about the noise usual boeing
airbus a320 rustle about the same in
hall and there is rather an important place where you
sit on how close the engine feet
for example in the front row of the cabin
the pilot is always silence tough on
hard landing on a soft landing
really influence the weather conditions well and
the pilot's skill with about the same
order at the height of shaking blame
weather or rather in the tour damn phenomenon
which arises due to the fact that
the atmosphere and only the pressure changes
temperature direction and wind speed
because of this
air flow becomes uneven
and the airplane 1000 in aeroflot roots tastier
than in the whole way too quite true
it depends more on
from the kitchen of the airport in which to cook
food for example there dressed there is a huge
kitchen board meals on which
do food for heap and dug up
Well, the most important myth of the plane is very
dangerous they often breaks here
imagine how many airplanes are there
in the air right now all over the world
everybody go where they land
another mat offended by disasters
happening all over the world can be times
per month around
comparative example with a car only
in Russia you are from accidents how many I will go
happens people here also turns out if
somewhere for a long time with a mole than that
the most dangerous is the road to the airport is not
be afraid to throw it great